Judge: I now pronounce you
not husband and wife.
Les: I fucking love you.
-I fucking love you.
Les: I think we need
a safe word.
Janet Reno!
-Janet Reno!
New Year. new us.
We can renew our vows.
Martin: Hilton is going
to sell the tech
to the military.
-From bang to boom.
Lindy: How long
until you can fix me?
Steffy: I don't recognize you.
Jackie: It saddens me
that a daughter
would accuse her own mother.
-She is lying about the lying!
-Les promised me a minute.
Lindy: I'll give you 20.
Les: What's to stop
Nils exposing me?
-[Nils screaming]
Lulu: You're tiny?
Lindy: Your dad and I
are working
through some issues.
Les: I miniaturized you...
on purpose.
-You're dead!
-[screams]
I did it!
-I run this lab now.
Les: Aren't you gonna let me in?
This is life and death. Martin.
Martin: No. That--What?
-Magoo could eat her!
-Why marry a man who has no--
[screams] No. no!
-[Magoo yowling]
-Richie!
[dramatic music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[growls]
-No! Bad kitty! [screams]
-[Magoo growling]
-[indistinct screaming]
Lindy: That's it!
Richie. that's it! Play dead!
Play dead!
Richard: Am I playing?
[bell jingling]
-Hey. Magoo.
Huh?
Yeah. you want this.
don't ya. big boy?
Yeah. Who's my cutie patootie?
Who's my fluffy wuffy boy?
-[suspenseful music playing]
-Do I punch him in
the nose first or--
That's just sharks.
Fuck it.
Hold.
[yells]
[Magoo mewls]
[cage door slams shut]
[Magoo hisses]
-[chuckles]
-[Magoo growls]
-It was you or me. fuzz fuck.
[exhales]
[upbeat music playing]
-[gasping and grunting]
-Okay.
-You risked your life for me.
No other soul
on Earth has done that.
except for my mother
during childbirth.
I was a breech.
But you... [sniffles]
Lindy Littlejohn...
[chuckles]
you chose.
which was unexpected.
and I mean that as a compliment.
I owe you my life.
-You've saved my life
multiple times. Richie.
-And I would happily
do so over again.
-[sighs] Why?
-For--
-Do not say for love.
or for the love of love...
-But--
-...or quote Shakespeare.
For I will continue
to taketh from you. Richie.
and not giveth in return.
-Behold. Lindy Littlejohn.
Am I witness to the shattering
of behavioral pattern?
-Can we just call it even?
-Even Steven.
-I do have one more thing.
Um. it's just a favor.
and it's not dangerous.
I promise.
-Are we breaking
another behavioral pattern?
-What do you know about TikTok?
[suspenseful music playing]
-Lindy!
Lindy?
Magoo? Oh!
[Magoo growls and meows]
-Oh.
Oh. she's good.
[Magoo growls]
-Oh. she's very good.
Lindy.
Lindy. let's talk.
No tricks.
You have my word.
Ow. [gasps]
[squishes]
Oh.
At least you didn't get me
in my good eye.
Okay. No sudden moves.
Nothing up my sleeves.
for real this time.
-So talk!
-Could you lower the bow?
Okay. I came here to apologize.
but I'm not going to.
Ah! Because I have something
better than just words.
-Dr. Carmichael's
colon "A Grand Gesture"?
-I can make you big again.
-You said that. and then
you tried to kill me!
-Well. I was--I was provoked.
but that's not the point.
I did it. Lindy.
I really did it.
I can make you big again.
And all of this can be over.
Lindy. I can and I will.
I promise.
-Fine!
Do it! Make me big again!
Let's end this!
Les: Ohh.
I'm so happy
to hear you say this.
but. um.
there is a small problem.
-Do I need to raise my bow?
-No. no.
But I'm going to need you
to break into the lab tonight
and steal the formula.
and wipe the servers
because Hilton is selling
my tech to the military.
and he's packing up the lab.
everything will be gone
by morning.
and I will be arrested
if I set foot in the building.
And only a person of your size
can access the chemical freezer.
which is going to be dangerous.
But I have complete faith in you
and your astounding
miniature abilities.
And thereby.
our mission will inevitably
be a rousing success.
and you will be big again.
and we can return
to our normal lives.
[dramatic music playing]
-What am I supposed
to do with that?
Wear it as a crown?
-Wear it as my wife.
-[sighs]
-I... I tried so hard
to prove my worth to the world.
and I lost sight of the one
person who never needed proof.
You.
You. Lindy...
you are my forever person.
So. what do you say?
Please say yes.
-Fine.
I will do it.
I have to.
But then. Les.
this. you and me.
we're over.
-No.
No. no. no.
No.
After all this?
-Because of all this!
-Why?
-What?
-[chuckles]
Les. uh. it's been a journey.
"It was an accident."
then "I did it on purpose."
"I'm so close.
a day or two. tops."
to maybe a few months.
then a thirty-day deadline.
-But--
Lindy: Then. "I can make you
big again.
but good luck with Magoo."
to "I will make you big again.
but you have to do all
the illegal dangerous work."
And then. the big sell.
"We can go back to our normal
fuckin' lives."
Please hear me when I say
fuck you!
I am done!
We are done!
It's over!
-No. I reject this.
I love you.
It's been bumpy. but--but--
but it'll be different.
-No. it won't.
We bring out the worst
in each other.
Can't you see that?
-I understand that--
I understand that
you need time and space
to process what happened.
-No. I need the time
and space to process me
and what I want.
I already know what happened.
-We make a great team.
remember?
Please don't say it's over.
[tense music playing]
-Les.
we had a good run.
Too much has happened.
Let's just get the formula.
get me big. and then
get on with our lives!
Please!
[Richard sobbing]
-I wanted to give you
your privacy.
I just--I didn't know
where to go.
[door opens and closes]
Richard: My heart is breaking.
I mean. we--I think
we've all come so far.
-Mary. mother of Christ.
Oh. Uh. he told me.
I thought I was prepared.
but I am not.
-Hi. Martin.
-Richard! Wha...?
Les: He did that to himself.
-I did.
-I told her about the small...
problem.
-And?
-She's in.
-Oh.
-She's also out.
-I don't understand
what that means.
-It--just--
what's the fuckin' plan?
That's what it means.
-Everybody.
here are my thoughts.
Operation Restoration
is underway.
This is the plan.
[rhythmic music playing]
Martin. bag man.
will deliver our secret weapon.
Richard: Secret weapon?
-It's me. Me. Richie.
-Relax. it's pizza.
[door buzzer buzzes]
Vivienne: Imo's.
Martin [softly]: F me.
[tense music playing]
-Who ordered this?
-Uh. um. uh...
-We will communicate
via tactical comms
using phones and laptops.
Richard. operations.
will send an invitation.
[beeping]
I will be in your ear
with precise instructions.
Okay. Martin. don't panic.
Keep it together.
-[whispers] She's so scary.
-Yes. she's terrifying.
-Sir.
Who?
-Uh... uh...
-Who?
Martin: Um...
-Janet! Me.
I. um.
I did.
[banging on door]
[Martin whimpers]
-Janet. inside man.
will ensure easy entry.
-Janet. why are you still here?
-Um...
-You should be out celebrating
with what's left of the team.
-Uh-huh. Um...
-Damn it. Janet. lie.
Just lie.
-Hey. let's-let's be kind.
Janet: Um. I was hungry.
I'm just finishing up.
-You all right?
-No. I know I choked.
-No. it's okay. You did good.
-Damn it.
Janet [over mic]:
Getting back to it.
-[over mic] Smells delicious.
Pepperoni?
-Um. yes.
-St. Louis style?
Cracker thin. square cut.
Provel cheese.
Weird yet scrumptious.
-It's very specific.
-May I?
-Uh. y-y-y-you-- you may.
-Oh. God. Lindy. hide.
-Les. where? Jeez--
-Under.
Lindy: Are you serious?
Oh. Jesus Christ. Fuck. fuck.
That's hot!
[tense music playing]
[lid slides open]
[upbeat music playing]
Lindy: Jesus. Fuck.
-Enjoy.
Les: Secret weapon in.
-Secret weapon is greasy.
fuckin' hot!
Jesus!
[upbeat music continues]
Les: Lindy. secret weapon.
will breach
the chemical freezer.
and procure the vials
of restoration formula.
-[Janet gasps]
-[Lindy gasping]
-It. um-- Wow. it's--
it's nice to meet you.
Mrs. Littlejohn.
Sorry to stare. It's just...
-Yeah. I'm a marvel.
I know. Janet. So. uh.
this is the chemical freezer?
Janet: Uh. just there.
Les: Janet. proceed
with wiping the servers.
My legacy will remain mine.
-Um. on it.
Lindy: Your ego
is going to kill me!
-No. my ego
is going to save you.
Lindy: [scoffs]
I am going to save me.
Les: There is no I. Lindy.
in team.
-There is the way I spell it.
-Perhaps it's best
we just remember
we're all on the same team.
-Temporarily.
-Absolutely.
-Guys. can we sidebar
the relationship issues
right now?
Lindy: The relationship issues
are why we're here. Martin.
-Coup de grâce.
Martin. wheelman.
will drive the getaway car
and we're home free.
Operation Restoration complete.
Thoughts complete.
Okay. Can we stay on task?
-Oh. no one wants
this done more than me.
-Yes. Lindy. message received.
I know.
-[sighs] Okay.
[radio crackles]
-[Lindy gasps]
[tense music playing]
-Fuck.
Les: What?
-[grunts and then gasping]
-[metal clangs]
Lindy: I'm in.
-Okay. great.
Third shelf from the bottom.
vial RF-1-Niner.
Alpha and Beta.
Lindy: Hold on.
-What? What's happening?
Are you okay?
Lindy: Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm just...
putting on my gear
so I don't die
of hypothermia in here.
-Oh. God.
-Okay. Good. good.
But--but maybe. uh. hurry
because it's--
-Tick-tock. No kidding.
-If Hilton finds you...
Lindy: I'm aware
of the stakes. Les.
I am the stakes.
Richard:
If I may offer counsel
by way of Dr. Carmichael's
words of wisdom.
-[grunting]
-"Reflect before you respond
to avoid regret."
-Fuck that bitch!
-We're done with her limericks!
-On that. we agree.
-[Lindy grunts]
-I don't mean to...
Les: Shut the fuck up. Richard!
Lindy: Shut the fuck up. Richie!
-Mm-hm. Okay.
woman [over PA]:
Attention. attention.
Patel. party of four.
please make your way to Gate 23.
[phone chimes]
-What?
-Whoa. it's. like.
a little close.
-The fuck?
-Maybe edit this part out.
-Okay.
Richard: Will do.
Lindy: [clears throat]
-And curtains up.
-Hi. hello.
My name is Lindy Littlejohn.
You may know me
from the controversy
surrounding the authorship
of the New Yorker
short story.
"Untitled on Purpose."
And I wanna come clean.
[clears throat]
I did not write that story.
Uh. all started
as a misunderstanding.
My insecurity and. frankly.
lack of self-worth
led me to take credit
when. in fact.
it was written by my student.
Jackie Baldwin.
So my daughter. Lulu.
was telling the truth.
So if you're gonna come
for anyone.
you come for me.
#fuckyoubringit.
And finally. I am rescinding
my own Pulitzer.
Yeah. just before the board
can take it back.
I--I--you know what?
Maybe I'll win
another one someday.
Richard:
Ooh. Love the positivity.
Lindy: Uh. yeah. that's it.
Thank you.
[sweet music playing]
-Good for you. tiny mom.
[sniffles]
[chimes]
man [over PA]:
Attention. everyone.
The Arch tour bus leaves
every half-hour
from Gate A in the front
entrance. Thank you.
[upbeat music playing]
[grunting and panting]
Okay. I'm here.
third shelf from the bottom.
-Okay. you're looking for
Romeo-Foxtrot-One-Niner.
-Yeah. I got it. Colonel Colon.
-Too soon. That's too soon
and disrespectful.
I'm just trying to be--
-Annoying?
[heavy exhale]
[suspenseful music playing]
There's nothing here.
-Yeah. See?
You're making space colonel
jokes and you're not listening.
Imprecision is gonna tank
this mission.
-Romeo-Foxtrot-19. Alpha. Beta.
not fuckin' here!
-Fuck! It has to be there.
Martin: [softly] It has to be.
-They are not!
Les: Okay. Romeo...
Foxtrot-One-Niner. Alpha--
-You can keep saying
NATO nonsense numbers.
but the precise vials
are not here.
-Lindy. there is no
Operation Restoration
without those vials. okay?
The plan will not work.
Lindy: What do you mean.
it won't work?
-[softly] Fuck!
-Les?
-Oh. dear mama.
Les: Um...
Lindy: Les.
it has got to work!
I do not want
to be small forever!
I am not gonna die tiny!
There has to be a way!
You are a little genius.
remember?
So. go inside the workshop
of your mind and think!
[tense music playing]
-It's as if the whole world
is holding its breath.
-Everyone. here are my thoughts.
Operation Restoration
is still underway.
This is the revised plan.
I will synthesize a new batch
of the restoration formula.
but I would need access
to the building
and to the. um.
chemical freezer.
Lindy. secret weapon.
you will push
the door-release button
inside the freezer.
which is located
at the base of the door.
-Check.
-Janet. inside man.
is gonna get me
into the building
via the service entrance.
Janet.
[keyboard clacking over phone]
Janet. do you copy?
Janet: Um... Um. I'm trying
to wipe the servers.
but the password isn't working.
-Hilton and Vivienne--
-They have access
to the servers.
They have access
to the formula!
Fuck!
Janet: Um. also.
we might have a bigger problem.
-Bigger? Um. what. Janet?
Spit it out.
-Janet. be specific.
-Specifically.
Hilton has shrunk
an entire military convoy.
Tiny tanks. tiny missiles.
tiny assortment
of very bad weaponry.
-General Fuckface.
Janet: If Hilton
has the missing vials.
then tiny tanks
become big tanks.
tiny missiles become big--
Les: Yes. Janet. I know.
-Les--
-I--don't. don't. don't say it.
I fucked it.
but I can unfuck it.
You were right.
-I don't want to be right
about this. Les.
-You kinda like being right.
don't you. Martin?
-Well. maybe sometimes.
but not about this.
-Can we get back to
the unfuck it part. please?
-Everyone. here are my thoughts.
Here's the new revised plan.
[suspenseful music playing]
We're going to blow up the lab.
-Um...
-We're all bound
for the dungeons of fate.
-Jesus crickets! What?
Lindy: Les. what the--?
Are you--? Blow up the lab?
How can you even do that?
-Well. the building is sitting
on a literal bomb.
It's a thermal energy
storage tank in the basement.
Lindy: No. no. that's not--
[Lindy sighs]
"My legacy remains mine."
you said.
-Yeah. well. I mean...
fuck it.
-Fuck it?
Les: Yeah.
It's not worth it.
You big. first.
Blow up the building. second.
My prize...
TBD.
I've proven to myself
I can do it.
That's enough.
-Les. are you sure?
-I took the extremest
of circumstances.
Carmichael's limericks.
and my priority--
-[Richard sniffling]
-Wait. is someone crying?
-No.
Les: Okay.
Hey. Richard.
we need to move fast.
Janet. inside man.
abort the servers and focus on.
um. the thermal storage tank.
and crank the valves to high
and that will give us what?
-Uh. maybe 30 minutes?
-Um. you want me
to blow up the building?
-Yes. Turn up the valves.
release the pressure lock.
and get out. Janet.
-What about letting you in?
-Do the tank and go.
And Lindy. secret weapon.
make your way to the lobby
and buzz me in
through the service entrance
via the security desk.
-The desk
with the security guards?
Les: Yes.
Richard: Leave it to me.
I can distract
the security guards.
See. I'm the lab's
fire safety officer.
[scoffs]
As a-- This is a long story.
As a young Richard--
-Richard!
-Richie.
-Richard. good God!
[tense music playing]
[keypad beeping]
-Stand by for fire alarms.
-[alarm blaring]
security guard: Evens.
-Fine. Odds.
[alarm continues]
[hissing]
Janet: The tank is cranked.
T-minus 30 minutes.
Um. um. holy crow.
-Janet?
-Uh. yes. Richard.
-I think I like you.
and I wanted to disclose that
as per company policy.
Lindy: Aw. Richie.
-Richard! I have no words!
-Neither do I!
Hilton: General H-Bomb's
payment clear?
-General Henderson's payment
has been verified.
Yes.
-Fuck yeah!
I love having Mommy's
full attention again.
-We discussed this.
-No more Mommy. But...
-None.
Hilton: Fine.
Guess where I am.
-[sighs] I despise this game.
-Guess.
-No.
-I'm done.
-What?
With the game?
-In a way.
[electrical surge. sputtering]
-Wait. what the fuck?
-[electricity powering up]
-[alarm blaring]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Wait.
[in voiceover]
Janet Colgate. Physicist.
Feminist.
Celiac.
-You're on Instagram?
-Imo's Pizza
is not gluten-free certified.
[alarm continues]
Lindy: Les!
Les: Yeah. I'm here.
-So I'm guessing
it's this green button?
[alarm continues]
[door buzzes]
-Good guess. I'm in.
[alarm continues]
[keypad beeping]
[alarm stops]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Yes! All right.
[high-pitched beeping]
[chimes]
What?
[beeps then chimes]
Fuck.
[chiming]
It's gone.
Lindy: Wait. what?
What's gone?
-Uh. the equation.
My equation for the formula.
-Yeah. but you remember it.
right?
[music stops]
-Right.
Lindy: Les!
-Yes?
-Oh. Jesus.
Okay. you wrote it
on the bedroom wall. right?
-Oh! Holy shit!
Yes. I did. Yes. I did.
Uh. Richard. you need
to get upstairs right now.
-Copy that!
[upbeat music playing]
I shall bring all my force
to bear!
-[door closes]
Lulu: You again.
-Oh. [pants] It's me. Richard.
-Yeah. from the fucking lab.
What the fuck?
-Long. long story.
And I happily--
-Oh. ew.
Did you and my mom.
like. bang tiny?
-Huh? No. I pride myself
on being a gentleman.
-Is that Lulu?
-Lulu?
Did she say "bang"?
-Yeah. She...
-Who are you talking to?
-That's the Smash and Grab Team.
Your parents. Martin. and Janet.
-What?
Les: Lulu. why are you home?
-Sorry. I missed that.
-Richard. you assured me that
this connection would be strong.
-It is. It is-ish...
[faking signal drop]
-We'll talk-- ab-- later.
-Lulu. I need you to be
my legs. arms. and eyes.
-Whatever. Okay.
This is so fucked.
Tiny Richard.
-Yeah. it is.
[upbeat rhythmic music
playing]
-Is this a moat?
[over phone]
Oh. my God.
My parents
went completely insane.
-They were trying
to kill each other.
-What?
-Richard.
Lulu: Oh. my God.
Richard: No. it's gonna
be fine. I think.
-Yes. it is gonna be fine.
It's fine.
And. Richard.
don't be so theatrical.
-Sorry.
-So Lulu. what I need you to do.
I need you to text me a photo
of the equation on the wall
across from the foot
of the island bed.
-You mean. like.
get in the water?
There's power strips
and lights hanging above it.
-It's safe.
Uh. and it's very important
because I need to make Mom
big again and save the world.
-Tall order.
-Nice pun.
-She should be wearing waders.
-Yeah. I know. Uh. just be
careful and--and. uh. be quick.
But be very quick.
Lindy: Hey. wait.
Are-are you sure. Les?
Les: She'll be fine.
-"Daughter found electrocuted
in parents' bedroom moat."
Lindy: Not funny.
[camera clicks]
[message tone]
-Oh. fuck! Fuck. Fuck.
-Are you worried
about the last line?
Les: Huh?
No. no. No. of course not.
Richard: You said "fuck."
We can hear you.
-Can you help him.
Tiny Richard Physicist?
-Sadly. I was absent that day.
Les: Uh. no.
I'm not worried at all.
'cause I remember it.
[nervous chuckle]
And. uh. yeah.
you did great. Lulu.
Just get out of the water now.
[tense music playing]
You are brilliant.
Your mind is strong.
You got this.
It's in your brain.
so just let it fall
into your hands.
Your miniature wife
will not explode and die.
-Explode and die?
-Ah. no. Uh. nah--
it's not--I'm kidding.
Everyone who's listening.
I'm kidding.
Janet: Uh. Smash and Grab Team?
Vivienne's on the move!
-[gasps]
Secret weapon out.
[gasps and shrieks]
Oh. shit.
Les!
-Oh. Les?
Of course.
He's in the building.
Sneaky. sneaky. not so sneaky.
He mentioned you were having
marital issues.
-Fuck off.
-It's nice to meet you too.
Mrs. Littlejohn.
I look forward to adding you
to my... collection.
-Yeah. nice to meet you too.
scary giant bitch.
-Name-calling is impolite.
tiny toxic tart.
[tense music playing]
-Um. T-minus maybe 10 minutes
before the alarms go off.
Les: Okay. Martin.
wheelman. you're up.
Prepare for the great escape.
Richard: I think The Getaway
would be a better reference.
-Richard. operations. shut it.
[ignition clicking]
-I choked again.
Empty battery. Fuck!
-Whoa!
Lulu [over phone]:
I'm the new wheelman.
Tiny Richard.
Richard [over megaphone]:
Do you have a driver's license?
-Almost.
[door opens. closes]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Oh. fuck.
[alarms blaring]
computer voice: Attention.
Thermal energy tank breach.
Evacuate building
immediately.
Repeat. immediately.
[alarm continues]
[liquid sloshing]
computer voice: Attention.
Evacuate building immediately.
-Oh. I don't think I can. uh.
test these on her first...
Lulu: We can hear you.
Martin: We can still hear you.
-Oh. I'm kidding.
[nervous chuckle]
I'm just kidding.
Of course I can.
Lindy. Lindy?
Martin: Lindy?
-Lindy. come in. Lindy.
Anyone got eyes or ears
on Lindy?
Lulu: Mom?
-Hello?
Janet: Mrs. Littlejohn?
Okay. I'm heading out.
computer voice: Attention.
Evacuate building immediately.
-Lindy!
computer voice: Attention...
-[grunts]
-Ow!
[Vivienne gasps]
-[gasps then grunts]
Oh. no! Oh. no! Oh!
Oh. no!
-That's company property.
You've checked all my boxes.
until you didn't.
Your ego is untenable.
[grunts]
-[electricity zapping]
[alarm continues]
-Down goes giant toxic tart.
[chuckles]
computer voice: Attention.
Evacuate building immediately.
-Let me guess.
only a person my size can. uh...
-Yeah. unfortunately. it's--
-Tick-tock. Right.
-I believe in you.
-Wait. what?
Les. I...
[sighs] Here I am alone. again.
Well...
[sighs] You gotta do it.
I mean. you must. You must.
You gotta get down there.
you gotta get the fucking vials
that he--he dropped
and now I have to--
ohh. I'm the only person
in the world this size who can.
so...
-Not anymore.
-[sighs]
[whimsical music playing]
[tender music playing]
-You're tiny. [gasps]
-A grand gesture.
-Colon. holy fuck.
-New year. new fuckin' us.
-[scoffs]
-Let's do it together.
Lindy. I--
-Me too.
computer voice: Attention.
Thermal energy tank breach.
Evacuate building immediately.
Repeat. immediately.
Lindy: Um...
-Attention.
Thermal energy tank breach.
Evacuate building immediately.
-[computer voice repeating]
-Are we crazy?
-Fuck it.
Fuck it.
-Oh. shit!
-[Lindy screams]
[suspenseful music playing]
[static over phones]
computer voice:
Critical. Critical.
Evacuate immediately.
-Lulu.
-Vivienne?
Where are they?
[alarm continues]
[both gasp]
[glass shattering]
[debris clattering]
[Martin gasps]
-Mom. Dad.
[dramatic music playing]
Lindy: Lulu?
-Dad. you're tiny too?
-You drove?
-You do not have a license!
-What. are you gonna.
like. tiny-ground me?
[sirens approaching]
-Fuck it. drive.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
-Let's go. Let's go.
[explosion]
[tires screech]
Martin: Jesus critters. Les!
Janet: Um. Dr. Littlejohn!
Les: I did it myself.
Lindy: He did that himself.
-[sighs] So this is our last
tiny moment as tiny people.
-Yeah.
-What a ride.
Ride's not quite over yet.
-One last step.
-One last step. for me.
So there's an infinitesimally
small. uh. chance
that I did not mix
the formula correctly.
[nervous chuckle]
-What?
-Yeah. I never mixed it myself.
-Les.
-So. uh--yeah. I'm very--
I'm very confident.
-But--uh. what are you saying?
Are you saying that
if you're wrong. that we--
-No. no. No. not we. Me. Me.
I'm--I'm gonna test the formula
on myself first.
-What--no.
No. I don't want you to...
-I-I won't. I won't.
And we won't. You won't.
[tender music playing]
-It's... Lindy.
you're the love of my life.
-Are you saying goodbye?
Is this a goodbye?
Because you think
that we're going to--
that you're going to--
-The truth is...
I don't know.
I don't know if it'll work.
I believe it will.
But I don't know. And. uh...
I owe you the truth.
It's not--it's not goodbye.
It's just in case.
-Just in case...
you explode.
Lulu: Dad's exploding?!
[music stops]
-No. no.
-No!
No. [chuckles]
-No. no. no. honey. No.
-But you just said.
-Infinitesimally small. I said.
-"Just in case." you said.
Look. can you guys
just both stay small forever?
I can take care of you.
-Oh. Honey. I...
-[Les chuckles]
-We love you for saying that.
-Yeah.
-but that's--that's--
that's very unrealistic.
-We're worried
about unrealistic now?
Dad.
Les: Your mom is right.
Okay? We're not pets.
we're parents.
And we're focusing on the one-
in-a-million negative result.
-Your father's right.
And like he always says.
"We have to trust the math."
-Yeah.
-And his memory.
-Pretty good.
-Which is good.
Pretty good?
[suspenseful music playing]
Lulu: I'm gonna need
some serious fucking therapy
if this doesn't work.
Les: So when I get to full size.
um. start the three-minute
countdown and wait outside.
And if I get to three--
Oh. when I get to three minutes.
I will have reached
limitless stabilization.
And then we can all go
to Mandy's
and-and enjoy milkshakes
together.
Okay?
[coughs] Okay?
-Sure.
Lindy: Okay.
Les: Two drops.
Like you learned
in your science classes.
-Right. My science classes.
Tiny Dad.
I dropped out of school.
I'm going to community college.
-Wait. what?
[fizzing]
[Lindy gasps then chuckles]
Start the timer!
-You dropped out of school?
-Uh. we can talk about it
at Mandy's.
-Did you know about this?
-We'll talk about it
in three minutes.
-Lindy. I--
-Hey. tell me in three minutes.
[suspenseful music playing]
Lindy: You told your dad.
That was a tactical info dump.
I see what you did there.
-Yeah. um. he needed
a distraction.
-That was kind of you.
-Like your TikTok.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Lindy [over megaphone]:
How you doing in there?
Les: Yeah.
Yeah. doing good.
All good.
Love you both.
[deep exhale]
[dramatic music playing]
-Go get a pen.
[knocks on door]
-[laughing]
[sentimental music playing]
-Hi.
[timer beeping]
-That's three minutes. Dad.
[tense music playing]
-[Lindy gasping]
[beeping continues]
-Dad?
-Les!
[Lindy gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
-Limitless stabilization.
[sighs]
Lindy: Hi.
-Hi.
[Lindy chuckles]
[Les laughs]
-Nice use of the safe word.
-Well. if there was ever
a time...
[sighs]
Lulu: So. hi. hi.
Okay. Everyone's
still waiting in my room.
So are we gonna restore
Tiny Richard
or is he less annoying tiny?
-He's kind of annoying
big or small.
Lindy: Uh-hmm.
-But. he is a good scientist.
-A good scientist.
-Yeah.
-Yes. We know.
-Speaking of. Lulu.
-Yeah?
-Whatever makes you happy
makes me happy.
-I know that you don't
totally mean that.
but thank you. Restored Dad.
[Magoo meows]
Lulu: I don't wanna know.
-[sighs]
-I'll let him out after.
Lindy: [laughs] Okay.
[tender music playing]
How did we...
-End up here?
[both laugh]
-Look at our... our house.
-I want our marriage to work.
Our new.
revised version of marriage.
-I do too.
-My ego has been revised.
You will never be last again.
-And my accountability
has been revised.
I will never blame you again.
Only me.
-And grand gestures?
-Oh. you have out-grand
gestured yourself.
-I think we both have.
-Uh-huh.
-Let's do this thing.
And my engagement ring?
-I'll dredge the moat.
-I. um...
I had--
I have this idea.
that's kind of a big idea...
Tiny big idea.
I feel like I have to write it
on my own.
And I'm thinking that
the working title might be...
The Miniature Wife.
-Huh.
Yeah.
I love it.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-And I love you.
["Friday I'm In Love"
by The Cure playing]
♪ I don't care ♪
♪ If Monday's blue ♪
♪ Tuesday's gray ♪
♪ And Wednesday too ♪
♪ Thursday ♪
♪ I don't care about you ♪
♪ It's Friday. I'm in love ♪
♪ Monday. you can fall apart ♪
♪ Tuesday. Wednesday ♪
♪ Break my heart ♪
♪ Oh. Thursday ♪
♪ Doesn't even start ♪
♪ It's Friday. I'm in love ♪
Gary: We've left messages?
Meg: So many messages.
Gary: Voice and text?
Meg: Voice and text.
Gary: I mean.
if they don't call us back.
what else can we do?
Meg: What else can we do?
Gary: We're only in St. Louis
the one night.
Meg: It's just the one night.
-Freedom!
[thunder crashing]
Help! Help!
I need help!
Gary: The fuck are you?
-What the fuck are you?
-[car horn blaring]
-I'm a journalist.
From Scientific American.
And I have the most
incredible story to tell.
-Oh. my.
[dramatic music playing]
-No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
[screams]
♪ Saturday. wait ♪
♪ And Sunday always comes ♪
♪ Too late ♪
♪ But Friday. never hesitate ♪
♪ Dressed up to the eyes ♪
♪ It's a wonderful surprise ♪
♪ To see your shoes ♪
♪ And your spirits rise ♪
♪ Throw out your frown ♪
♪ And just smile ♪
♪ At the sound ♪
♪ As sleek as a sheik ♪
♪ Spinning 'round and 'round ♪
♪ Always take a big bite ♪
♪ It's such a gorgeous sight ♪
♪ To see you eat ♪
♪ In the middle of the night ♪
♪ You can never get enough ♪
♪ Enough of this stuff ♪
♪ It's Friday. I'm in love ♪
♪ I don't care ♪
♪ If Monday's blue ♪
♪ Tuesday's gray ♪
♪ And Wednesday too ♪
♪ Thursday ♪
♪ I don't care about you ♪
♪ It's Friday. I'm in love ♪
♪ Monday. you can fall apart ♪
♪ Tuesday. Wednesday ♪
♪ Break my heart ♪
♪ Thursday doesn't ♪
♪ Even start ♪
♪ It's Friday. I'm in love ♪
♪ Whoa! ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Doo. doo. doo. doo ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today